README.md, before:

# Brickdoc

[![commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
[![crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/brickdoc/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/brickdoc)

> :warning: **Note:** This software is currently under active development. Some features may be available in the future, and the API and interface may change.

Brickdoc is an all-in-one workspace and low-code platform with Compound Document at its core. It's not only an open source alternative to Coda and Notion,
but also a web3-ready [linked-data](https://www.w3.org/standards/semanticweb/data) storage for improving the productivity of your life and work.

![Brickdoc Screenshot](https://pub.us-edge.brickdocusercontent.com/corp/github-growthing/screenshot.png)

## Highlights

- **Renaissance of the [mashup](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mashup_(web_application_hybrid)>)** - Brickdoc can connect data from multiple sources; it provides not only human-and-human collaboration, but also human-and-machine collaboration.
- **Use web3 in the present, not wait for the future** - Brickdoc progressively embraces the web3 ecosystem. You can import any web2.0 data that supports open API into Brickdoc and then provide it to DApp for use.
- **First-class formula and spreadsheet support** - Most similar software is built on an airtable-like database metaphor. Still, Brickdoc thinks a spreadsheet is a choice that best fits the citizen developer's mental model.
- **Plugin architecture** - Brickdoc is built on a plugin architecture like WordPress, and it provides a way to extend Brickdoc's functionality freely.

## Demo

> Early access to Brickdoc.com will be available soon.

You can request a free trial on our SaaS platform [here](https://brickdoc.com/).

## Installation

The only official way to install Brickdoc is to use [Docker](https://www.docker.io/). And we recommend to use [Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/quickstart/) for installing Brickdoc on Kubernetes.

```bash
helm install ${release-name} ./tools/helm-charts/brickdoc --set-some-variable=some-value
```

Instructions on how to set up the environment for development are available [here](./docs/SETUP_DEV_ENV.md).

## Contributing

Brickdoc is an open source project and we are very happy to accept community contributions. To contribute to Brickdoc, you have to agree with the Brickdoc Contributor License Agreement.Please refer to [Contributing Documentation](./docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

## Copyright/License

Copyright © 2022, Brickdoc Inc - Released under the Apache 2.0 License

- All content residing under the "docs/" directory of this repository is licensed under "Creative Commons: CC BY-SA 4.0 license".
- All third party components incorporated into the Brickdoc Software are licensed under the original license provided by the owner of the applicable component.
- All content that resides under the "packages/_", "gems/_" or "plugins/\*" directory of this repository, if that directory exists, is licensed under the license defined in "/LICENSE" in the corresponding directory.
- Content outside of the above mentioned directories or restrictions above is available under the "Apache 2.0" license as defined below.

Commit message:

chore: add crowdin and codecov config (#8)

README.md, after:

# Brickdoc

[![commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
[![crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/brickdoc/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/brickdoc)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/brickdoc/brickdoc/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=x3u3HXQA0P)](https://codecov.io/gh/brickdoc/brickdoc)

> :warning: **Note:** This software is currently under active development. Some features may be available in the future, and the API and interface may change.

Brickdoc is an all-in-one workspace and low-code platform with Compound Document at its core. It's not only an open source alternative to Coda and Notion,
but also a web3-ready [linked-data](https://www.w3.org/standards/semanticweb/data) storage for improving the productivity of your life and work.

![Brickdoc Screenshot](https://pub.us-edge.brickdocusercontent.com/corp/github-growthing/screenshot.png)

## Highlights

- **Renaissance of the [mashup](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mashup_(web_application_hybrid)>)** - Brickdoc can connect data from multiple sources; it provides not only human-and-human collaboration, but also human-and-machine collaboration.
- **Use web3 in the present, not wait for the future** - Brickdoc progressively embraces the web3 ecosystem. You can import any web2.0 data that supports open API into Brickdoc and then provide it to DApp for use.
- **First-class formula and spreadsheet support** - Most similar software is built on an airtable-like database metaphor. Still, Brickdoc thinks a spreadsheet is a choice that best fits the citizen developer's mental model.
- **Plugin architecture** - Brickdoc is built on a plugin architecture like WordPress, and it provides a way to extend Brickdoc's functionality freely.

## Demo

> :warning: Early access to Brickdoc.com will be available soon. Please check back later.

You can request a free trial on our SaaS platform [here](https://brickdoc.com/).

## Installation

The only official way to install Brickdoc is to use [Docker](https://www.docker.io/). And we recommend to use [Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/quickstart/) for installing Brickdoc on Kubernetes.

```bash
helm install ${release-name} ./tools/helm-charts/brickdoc --set-some-variable=some-value
```

Instructions on how to set up the environment for development are available [here](./docs/SETUP_DEV_ENV.md).

## Contributing

Brickdoc is an open source project and we are very happy to accept community contributions. To contribute to Brickdoc, you have to agree with the Brickdoc Contributor License Agreement.Please refer to [Contributing Documentation](./docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

## Copyright/License

Copyright © 2022, Brickdoc Inc - Released under the Apache 2.0 License

- All content residing under the "docs/" directory of this repository is licensed under "Creative Commons: CC BY-SA 4.0 license".
- All third party components incorporated into the Brickdoc Software are licensed under the original license provided by the owner of the applicable component.
- All content that resides under the "packages/_", "gems/_" or "plugins/\*" directory of this repository, if that directory exists, is licensed under the license defined in "/LICENSE" in the corresponding directory.
- Content outside of the above mentioned directories or restrictions above is available under the "Apache 2.0" license as defined below.
